DISEASE OUTBREAK 

It is with deep sorrwo that we would like to inform you of the dissapearance of our valued peer Chimfeka. After countless days of searching, some people have reported seeing him only in the dinning hall during lunch. This is becoming a real issure. Many students have gone missing and people are worried.However, the second year students are not worried. They say that it;s the SaAT prep syndrome. It is a desease that affects first years during the third term, and the second years during the first term. The symptoms are very distinguishable:constant yawnin, troubled sleep paterns, missing breakfast, sleeping in classs and dissapearance from the ALA community. 
Whit the SAT test approaching, many first year students are preparing for it alongside doing htheir homework, preparing for class quizzess, completing thier extracurricular activities and duties. Some students started their preparation months prior to the "SAT season". while others have just started. The African Leaderhip Acadmy is however, ensuring that the students have necessary support thhey need to attain high scores in this test. In fact, the student government has put in place an SAT tutoring program and a weekly full SA practice on Sundays thanks to the chair person Kamil Kamour form Morocco and Libbya, Stephanie Mbida from USA, Germany and Cameroon, and the Acdemic rep Dumebi Akukwe from Nigeria

Never trust a friend who possesses a camera
...........................



A MOCK'S MOCK	 
Leroy MWASARU 

Athe the start of the Mocks, eighteen Year 2 Biology students were treated to an unlikely surprise-a m ock for their mocks. The year 2 students who were set to sit for Biology Paper 2 were, unlikely to their expectations, surprised witha Paper 3 paper fo their maock exam. The 'mock' evoked mixed reactions of frustration, delight and disappointment among candidates who put much of their time to prepare for their Biology Paper 2 with an intention of a fresh kick start to their mocks. Mr Du Aimae, a 'new' Biology teaching fellow who admininstered the 'mock' was seemingly taken aback as well by giving the wrong test and apologized to the candidates before he put off the test to alater date. It is however unclear of the factofs influencing the 'error'. "The pain came from the realization that we lost hours of sleep only to be surprise with the wrong paper. In truth, we weren't too surprised." siaid a source who polityely declined to be named. 
Nontheless, the mishap created a window for the candidates to kick in some final preps for their upcoming paper, particularly for students who had Math papers later that day. 
Following this, it is highly unlikely for any other mock-for-mocks show donw to spring up, which would have a bitter-seet taste to it. 
We, as part of ALA's newsletter board wish our Year 2s the best of luck as they take their mock, despite its highly grueling nature. 
In other news, a section of year one students are set to take part in a seires of mock sessions by potential teaching fellows in part of a process to recruit additional teaching staff in select subjects. The lessons, which task the students to extensive feedback include: Math and Literature. 
In the lates mock lesson, a select twelve students were part of a skyped pure math class on Integreation. Other sections are set to take place in the coming weeks.


LEROY's PIC 



"I am really optimistic about this new publication project. We hope it will create a culture of creativity and address niches in the ALA culture, while having fun."